Notice: 
To let the Carvera work perfectly, please make sure both your controller software and firmware are up to date. For controller software, just download the according version of the package and reinstall.

​​[0.9.14]​​
1.Bug fixing: Resolved the issue where the tool could not be changed to Laser or Other Tools on non-English interfaces.
2.Optimizing: Compatible with and supports firmware version 1.0.3 and earlier.
3.Optimizing: Enhanced the display of the current version of Controller and firmware on the Update page.

[0.9.13]
Important Notes
The firmware version v1.0.5 requires v0.9.13 Controller or higher.
​​Please follow these steps:​​

1.Use the v0.9.11 Controller to upgrade the firmware to v1.0.5.
2.Then update the Controller to v0.9.13.
(Note: This ensures compatibility between the Controller and firmware versions.)

Overview of this upgrade
1.​​Bug Fix​​: Fixed a crash issue when clicking "Confirm" with an empty input field in the Controller.
2.​​Bug Fix​​: Fixed abnormal display issues in toolpath preview.
3.​​Optimization​​: Enhanced firmware-Controller communication for improved file transfer reliability.
4.​​Optimization​​: Added a check for spindle rotation before resuming paused machining. If not rotating, a confirmation dialog will prompt whether to proceed.
5.​​Optimization​​: Added Wi-Fi signal strength (RSSI) between the machine’s Wi-Fi module and the router on the diagnostics page.
6.Optimization​​: Added a toggle button for enabling/disabling ​​'Auto Extout'​​ in the ​​'Config and Run'​​ dialog.
7.Optimization:The button 'ZProbe...' has been renamed to 'Probe...', and now includes two new sub-buttons: 'ZProbe...' and '3D Probe...'.

[0.9.11]
1. Optimizing: Enabled the upgrade button on the taskbar to be clickable even when the machine is not connected or in an idle state.
2. Optimizing: Added Tooltip functionality to buttons.
3. Optimizing: Added support for German, Spanish, French, Italian, Portuguese, Traditional Chinese, Korean, and Japanese languages.
4. Optimizing: Introduced an iOS version of the controller (search for 'MakeraController' on the App Store to download).
5. Optimizing: Added a prompt that appears when performing tool calibration, tool change, or Z-probe if the machine has not been homed: "Machine has not been homed, Please home first!"

[0.9.10]
1. Optimizing: GCode code supporting imperial units (the units on the controller interface are still millimeters and will be automatically converted based on whether the units in the machine are imperial)
2. Optimizing:Optimize the display of 4-axis work origin and tool alignment points in the "Config and Run" dialog box.
3. Optimizing: The 'Recent connect' button has been optimized to automatically search for a new IP based on the machine name when the IP is changed.
4. Optimizing: Add automatic reconnection function, when the connection between the Controller and the machine is disconnected or the machine is reset, the Controller will automatically reconnect after 10 seconds.
5. Bug fixing:Fixed the issue of displaying a red dot when right clicking on Controller (on Windows 11 or Linux ).
NOTE: To ensure the compatibility of firmware and controller, it is recommended to upgrade both firmware and Controller.

[0.9.9]
1. Optimizing: Controller compatible with Carvera and Carvera Air
2. Optimizing: Add recent connection button, click to quickly connect to the machine
3. Optimizing: Optimize the stability and reliability of the connection between the Controller and the machine
4. Optimizing: CarveraController supports Linux systems
5. Optimizing: Android version compatible with Armeabi-v7a architecture and Arm64-v8a architecture devices

[0.9.8]
1. Optimizing: File transfer adopts compressed file format，Improve file transfer speed
2. Optimizing: Optimize the stability and reliability of the connection between the Controller and the machine
3. Optimizing: Add the function of quickly setting the current coordinates of X/Y/Z/A under the X/Y/Z/A buttons on the main interface, and add the function of quickly moving the A-axis to a certain angle.
4. Optimizing: Add the function of "If the probe or tool setter has been triggered before tool calibration, an alarm window will pop up"
5. Optimizing: Optimizing:Add Main Button long press function selection in the configuration page。
6. Optimizing:Modify the automatic dust collection function to be disabled by default, and you can choose whether to enable automatic dust collection on the "Configure and Run" page
7. Bug fixing:Fix the bug of incomplete text display in the text input box on the Windows platform
8. Bug fixing:Resolve the issue of program crashes when displaying graphics on certain devices on the Android platform
9. Bug fixing:Fix bug on Android platform where buttons cannot be operated during the first run after APK installation

[0.9.6]
1、Bug fixing：4th axis position is not accurate after large-angle continuous rotation.
2、Bug fixing：4th axis rotation direction is reversed, should follow the right-hand rule (Please check if you manually changed the post processor for the previous false, need to restore that after the upgrade).
3、Bug fixing： Random deviation during high-resolution laser engraving (especially for LightBurn), a 'clustering' option has been added to optimize this problem which can be enabled in the advanced settings, under the laser section.
4、Bug fixing： Moving wrongly after pause/resume in arc processing.
5、Bug Fixing： The first tool sometimes does not appear in the preview UI panel.
6、Bug Fixing： Incomplete display of the UI in the Android version.
7、Bug Fixing： The Android version cannot access local files.
8、Optimizing: Auto leveling, restricting the Z Probe to the 0,0 position from path origin, to ensure leveling accuracy.
9、Optimizing: The software limit switch can now be configured to be on or off, and the limit travel distance can be set.
10、Optimizing: XYZ Probe UI integrated into the Work Origin settings.
11、Optimizing: Adding support for multiple languages (now support English and Chinese).
12、Optimizing: Adding a display for the processing time of the previous task.
13、Optimizing: Input fields in the controller can now be switched with the Tab key.
14、Optimizing: Adding a width-changing feature for the MDI window in the controller.
15、Optimizing: Auto Leveling results can be visually observed on the Z-axis dropdown and a clearing function is provided.
16、Optimizing: Holding the main button for more than 3 seconds allows automatic repetition of the previous task, facilitating the repetitive execution of tasks.

[0.9.5]
Optimized the WiFi connection file transfer speed and stability.
Optimized the file opening speed for big files.
Added software limit functions to reduce machine resets caused by the false triggering of limit switches.

[0.9.3]
Fixed the Mac version KeyStroke privilege problem.
Fixed the WiFi special character bug.
Fixed the identical WiFi SSID display problem.
Fixed the WiFi connectivity unstable problem.
Add manual IP input when the machine is not found.

[0.9.2]
Initial version

[0.9.1]
Beta version
